Add "Native Catalog" with advanced integration examples (#318)
PSPDFKit/react-native: README.md

5. Catalog app is now ready to launch. From `samples/Catalog` directory run `react-native run-android`.

#### Running Native Catalog

> See [here](https://github.com/PSPDFKit/react-native/tree/master/samples/NativeCatalog)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the [instructions to get started here](https://github.com/PSPDFKit/react-native/tree/master/samples/NativeCatalog/README.md)
```
